Remove initialAspectRatio (#6269)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/web-platform/document-picture-in-picture/index.md

### Set the size of the Picture-in-Picture window

> To set the size of the Pictire-in-Picture window, set the `width` and `height` options of `documentPictureInPicture.requestWindow()` to the desired Picture-in-Picture window size. Chrome may clamp those options values if they are too large or too small to fit a user-friendly window size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set the size of the Picture-in-Picture window, set the `width` and `height` options of `documentPictureInPicture.requestWindow()` to the desired Picture-in-Picture window size. Chrome may clamp the option values if they are too large or too small to fit a user-friendly window size.
```
